artist=Dexter Gordon
title=You Stepped Out Of A Dream
album=A Swingin' Affair
coverArt=http://mediaserver-cont-sv5-2-v4v6.pandora.com/images/public/rovi/albumart/5/2/3/3/077778413325_500W_500H.jpg
stationName=Charlie Parker Radio
songStationName=
pRet=1
pRetStr=Everything is fine :)
wRet=0
wRetStr=No error
songDuration=390
songPlayed=0
rating=0
detailUrl=http://www.pandora.com/dexter-gordon/swingin-affair/you-stepped-out-of-dream?dc=232&ad=1:15:1:19075::0:0:0:0:504:007:PA:42091:2:0:0:0:0:1
stationCount=25
station0=5AM Radio
station1=Ballin Radio
station2=Billy Joel Radio
station3=Charlie Parker Radio
station4=Classic Rock Radio
station5=Collider Radio
station6=Confirmation Radio
station7=Fake It Radio
station8=Flexicution Radio
station9=G-Eazy Radio
station10=Gang Related Radio
station11=Imagine Dragons Radio
station12=Logic Radio
station13=Man Of The Year Radio
station14=Queen Radio
station15=QuickMix
station16=Rap 2017 Radio
station17=Runaround Sue Radio
station18=Salt Peanuts Radio
station19=Samantha Radio
station20=Thumbprint Radio
station21=Ultralight Beam Radio
station22=Under Pressure Radio
station23=Under Pressure Radio
station24=X Ambassadors Radio
